---
layout: post
title: Day3
author: Jake Ross
comments: True
---

<!--========================== Blog =========================-->
Day 3 of daily blogging. 

Yesterday there was much discussion about usablity that I was not to pleased with.
It is a constant battle to help people understand something that they neither
have the capacity or desire to comprehend. 

A logger pane was added to the experiment window in an effort to present more information to the user easily.
This is a completely redundant pane as all the information is displayed in the Logger Window. The 
logger pane was added to bring the info and warning messages to the forefront. However I do
not suspect this in itself will assuage any user issues as no one has adequate awareness 
of what is happening to read or comprehend the logger messages. 

Another Tab should be added to the logger pane for ``Critical`` messages. I added
a method to ``logger_setup`` called ``set_exception_handler`` which hooks into
``sys.excepthook``. ``set_exception_handler`` takes one optional argument ``func``.
``func`` should be a callable that takes three arguments ``exctype, value, traceback``,
where ``exctype`` is the Exception Class ``exctype`` is the Exception object and ``traceback``
is a ``traceback`` object (use ``traceback.format_tb or print_tb`` to format the traceback object
for printing or logging). If no ``func`` argument is supplied a default ``exception_hook`` is
used. The default simply logs the exception as a ``critcal`` log message and calls the 
original ``sys.excepthook`` using ``sys.__excepthook__``

Some other mechanism could be added for presenting additional information to the user.
Users apparently are having a difficult time interpreting failure states (in my opinion
because of a lack of desire, experience and capacity to understand). Typically users
do not recognize 1) what the problem is or 2) what solution to use. All of the failure states
should be laid out in the documentation but again since no one uses the documentation, this is 
unrecognized work. An effort, however, to make info, confirmation, and warning messages more descriptive, 
less esoteric and jargony is desirable. 

There are three cases in which users appear to have the most trouble 1) program launch
2) experiment launch 3) intra experiment failures. In all cases a dirth of information and 
 messages are supplied to the user for diagnosis. In all cases improving the readability of 
 the information would go a long way. The location of all the information remains a problem
 and I do not yet have a good solution. One would think the logger window and popup dialogs 
 would be sufficient but 1) users are incapable of navigating and managing multiple windows on the desktop
 and 2) not interested in learning the meaning, cause, and solution to problems. 

Program Launch
------------------

Experiment Launch
------------------

Intra Experiment Failures
--------------------------

 
This may seem like alot of whinging about users but this has been a continuing problem and appears
that only myself is make a significant effort to rectify. It would be best if users could
meet me 10% of the way, which at this moment appears unlikely. End users have explicitly 
stated they do not want to understand but want to be competent users. This is totally 
contradictory and makes the teaching and documentation process difficult, time-consuming
and ultimately completely unrewarding.
<!--=========================== EOF =========================-->